how do their internet people is bogan so
tonight we're gonna talk about the
arguments against letting the asylum
seekers in okay we're gonna go through
them because yesterday in the comment
section it was wild and even though I
tried to correct some things people just
didn't get it so we're gonna go through
it slowly and crayons okay we want them
to do it legally
pull out your constitution if you don't
have one google it go to article six
I think section two I could be wrong
it's right in the beginning though first
couple paragraphs what you're gonna find
out is that the US Constitution federal
law and international treaties are quote
the supreme law of the land the only
thing an international treaty does not
supersede is the Constitution itself
okay so international treaties that we
sign are US law they become US law okay
so now I want you to google the 1967
protocols on refugees which we are
signatory up go to article 31 there it
is people who enter a country illegally
to claim asylum cannot be punished there
is no such thing as entering a country
illegally if you're claiming asylum if
you're a refugee that is US law if you
let that sink in and you really think
about it you realize those trying to
claim asylum are following the law and
those trying to stop them are violating
it interestingly enough in that same
treaty you will find out that we can't
refile them
that's send them back okay moving on one
of the other cute things was where's
yours where's yours where's the
immigrant family you're sponsoring okay
well first I actually have but I don't
think you need to to have an opinion on
this to be honest you know we should ask
let's ask the homeless vet living at
your house
oh you don't have one strange kept
bringing them up we need to save that
money for those homeless vets seems like
the only time you guys ever bring up
helping vets is when you don't want to
help somebody else fine you don't have a
homeless vet let's talk to the kid you
adopted that was gonna be aborted no
don't have one of them either huh
interesting it seems a little
hypocritical just outside looking at but
that's what it is
it's the us we're always about money
always talking about money because it's
our national character and that's the
other thing who's gonna pay for this
office of refugee resettlement they got
a budget 500 million dollars a year half
a billion dollars budgets actually a
little bit more than that but that's
what the Act would they spent doing this
interestingly enough Trump got them more
money I thought that was funny I found
that out tonight
they had their new budgets a little bit
bigger so I will give you this that is a
lot of money to spend but here's the
thing what did his little stock down on
the border cost two billion four times
as much it's cheaper to be a good person
all right next thing oh they're coming
here for benefits because we're
Americans everything's about money
really Mexico offered them benefits they
turn them down so stop projecting your
greed onto them maybe they just want
safety all right moving on this isn't
our problem yes it is
yes it is 2009 we back to the coup and
Honduras that overthrew the government
and that's where most people are coming
from now Nicaragua you can trace pretty
much Nicaragua Guatemala you know what
we'll do it the other way Costa Rica and
Belize are the only two countries in
that region that I can think of that we
haven't recently messed up so we'll
compromise Costa Rican refugees and
refugees from Belize they're not our
problem all the other ones are
then my favorite well if it was me I
wouldn't put my kid in harm's way I'd
stay in fix my country you put their kid
in harm's way because you wouldn't fix
your country you didn't really near
government when they were down there
messing with Ayers countries did you you
put their kid in harm's way accept some
responsibility for your apathy and stay
in fix it you know I ran into you clowns
in 2015
talking about Syria and I I tried to
figure out a way to put it into scale so
I did I took the numbers from Syria and
I scaled them up so you could see what
it would be like if it happened in the
US a hundred million homeless 100
million people displaced had to flee
violence whatever 3 million dead that's
crazy
when we think about a tragedy in the
u.s. we think about 9/11 or Katrina
Katrina 1,800 people died three million
and see we're Americans we have no idea
how to put that in scale we don't know
what that means so we'll do it this way
that's more people than US soldiers died
in the war what war all of them to
include both sides of the Civil War
every war in US history all added up
times too it's more than that but yes
Duane from Best Buy
you'd be a survivor you'd stay and you
you'd be able to navigate the militias
and the government forces and the ever
shifting alliances you'd be able to find
food water shelter for your family you
do all of that survive combat against
battle-hardened men who've been fighting
for ten years in Iraq and you'd survive
and fix your country because you're a
super soldier Duane from the spy as some
of you may have picked up I'm a pretty
resourceful guy and I have better
trained than most I feel no shame when I
say that if what happened in Syria
happened in the US
the crew of the International Space
Station will be able to track my
progress by watching the plumes of smoke
because I burn rubber all the way to
Canada untrained people you do one thing
really well in combat die that's it
and while we're on that subject one
other thing with all you internet tough
guys out there talking about what you
would do one gentleman said that he
would open fire in the context was live
ammunition you would open fire on
unarmed men women and kids oh you tough
you are tough man
I know killers real killers I don't know
any that opened fire on an unarmed crowd
you know if through some twist of fate I
end up down there guarding the border or
something cuz I'm forced to I hope
you're with me cuz that's hot in the
desert your canteens still be cool you
got ice in your veins tough guy
do you know who who is impressed with
statements like that people who have
never fired a shot at someone people who
have never watched someone bleed out
does not make you look tough makes you
look like an idiot anyway just a thought
just a few actually y'all have a good
night and please forgive me for trouble
in the comments section yesterday I do
this for free I want to have a little
bit of fun sorry
alright y'all have a good night